Why don't you think about it? Don't talk about millions; just buy it.
Why don't you give us some money? We are kissing each other. Don't do it day by day.
If you hadn't defrauded my parents out of thousands of dollars, I wouldn't be so young and filthy.
It’s because I have a part-time job. Now I’m afraid of family ties. Let’s leave quickly. It won’t look good if we really join forces.
﹔Ouch, what did I create? When did I have a job like yours that doesn’t smile? With money
|Have you forgotten me, aunt, when you have money? My life is so miserable;
I can think of thousands of doors.
I am fifty-three farmers, one just one, one cool two.
Smoothly two people make trouble in a four-bed house
Get out, get out
Let me see you again in the future
How come Li Fei has such a good life?
He also paved the way for you
Or do you have a way?
Mom will take you to smoke delicious cigarettes
Wang Xiang, what are you going to do?
Of course it’s Xin, my dear sister-in-law
With my dear daughter Zhi Xiaoxiao
Wang Xiang, my husband has a cup of rice and a drink
Sister-in-law, I’ve been hating you for a long time
I just want you to fly that way and see it
How did you piss me off?
Without a wife, where is Xiaoxiao?
Made money
Where are my wife and children?
My sister-in-law and daughter are guests at my place. Waiting.
Don’t believe in my mother’s kindness to you anymore
when you come
Take 10 million and the maintenance contract of the villa
Don't blame me for being so lucky
Dare to touch Teng's daughter with just one hand.
I make you regret living in this world